Privacy policy
 Dear visitor, we at Shaheen Player use third-party advertising companies to display ads, and when you visit our website, these companies have the right to use information about your visits to this site (except for your name, address, email address or phone number) in order to provide  Advertisements about goods and services of interest to you via the DART cookie.

 The use of the DART cookie can be prevented by clicking here.

 If you would like to know the choices available to you to prevent this information from being used by these companies and more information about the privacy policy of this site, please read this page carefully. At Shaheen Play, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us.  The privacy policy in this document outlines the types of personal information we collect and how it is used by us and our advertisers.
 We at Shaheen Player use Google ads, as an external financial resource, so Google uses cookies to display ads on our site.
 By using the DART cookie, Google will be able to serve ads “based on interests” to users based on their visits to our Shaheen Play website.
 Of course, our valued visitors can disable the use of the DART cookie by visiting the privacy policy of Google ads and the content network.

 Log files:
 Like most other website servers, hence Shaheen Player uses the log file system.  This includes the Internet protocol (addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date / time, and number of clicks to analyze trends). Here, through this process, it is not intended to collect all this information in order to eavesdrop on visitors' personal matters,  Rather, they are analytical matters for the purposes of improving the quality of ads by Google, in addition to that, all this information saved by us is completely confidential, and remains within the scope of development and improvement of our site only.

 Cookies and network settings:
 Google uses cookies to store information about visitors' interests, along with a special user record in which specific information about the pages that have been accessed or visited, and with this step, we know the extent of visitors' interests and which topics are most preferred by them so that we can in turn develop our service and knowledge content  appropriate for them.

 We add to this that some of the companies that advertise on our Shaheen Player website may look at cookies and network settings for our site and for you, and these companies, for example, Google and its advertising program Google AdSense, which is the first advertising company on our site.

 Of course, such advertisers, which are considered the third party in the privacy policy, follow such data and statistics via Internet protocols for the purposes of improving the quality of their advertisements and measuring their effectiveness.  Also, these companies, under the agreements concluded with us, are entitled to use technical means such as (cookies, network settings, and special programming codes “JavaScript”) for the same purposes mentioned above, which is to develop the advertising content of these companies and measure the effectiveness of these ads, without any goals  Others may in one way or another harm our site visitors.

 Of course, Shaheen Player cannot access or control these files, even after you allow and activate them to take them from your device (cookies), and we consider ourselves not responsible in any way for the illegal use of them if they happen, God forbid.

 You should review the privacy policy of the third party in this document (“Google AdSense” advertisers) or ad network servers for more information on their various practices and activities.

 To review the privacy policy of the first Google AdSense advertising program of the Google company, please click here

 Finally, we are obligated within the terms of this agreement to show you how to disable cookies, where you can do so through your browser options, or by following the privacy policy of Google ads and the content network.

 If you need any more information or have any questions about the privacy policy, please feel free to contact us via the following contact form: from here

 Shaheen Player
